- Dinge vom Herzen machen
- Glücklichsein zulassen

Coldplay: Christmas Lights --> Weihnachtsbild
Oh Christmas lights
Light up the street
Light up the fireworks in me
May all your troubles soon be gone
Those Christmas lights keep shining on

Florence and the machine: Spectrum --> Kapuzen
Say my name
And every color illuminates
We are shining
And we will never be afraid again

Swedish House Mafia: Don't you worry child --> Polarlichter mit uns
Don't you worry, don't you worry child
See heaven's got a plan for you
Don't you worry, don't you worry now, yeah

Florence and the machine: Shake It Out --> Fusion
And it's hard to dance with a devil on your back
So shake him off

Marshmellow: Silence
I found peace in your violence
Can't tell me there's no point in trying
I'm at one, and I've been quiet for too long

Queen: Don't stop me now --> wir 
Don't stop me now, I'm having such a good time
I'm having a ball
Don't stop me now
If you wanna have a good time, just give me a call

Coldplay: Paradise --> Vigo
When she was just a girl she expected the world
But it flew away from her reach
So she ran away in her sleep and dreamed of
Para-para-paradise, para-para-paradise, para-para-paradise
Every time she closed her eyes

Casper: So perfekt --> Fluss
Du lachst, du weinst, du strahlst, du scheinst.
Du kratzt, du beißt, Fastenzeit vorbei.
Und wie du brennst, wie du wächst
Wie du wächst
Alles wird perfekt! Alles! Alles!
Alles wird perfekt! So perfekt! So per-fekt!

Sia: Audio --> Schneemobil
We got a ride, we got the night
I got the bottle, you got the light
We got the stars (stars)
We got audio

Avicii: Wake me up --> Baby
So wake me up when it's all over
When I'm wiser and I'm older
All this time I was finding myself
And I didn't know﻿ I was lost

Will Cady: What fills the Gap --> Ende
Look hard at the thunderous clouds
There's a freedom inside whispering out.
Calling you, calling you home
Saying, 'Oh time will pass and reduce to ash your bones.'
In a lightning flash what fills the gap?
 Of when it hits and when you know?